 The modern day manufacturing process in Thailand is often complex and
poses many issues that business owners have to take into account.
Important decisions need to be made about how to optimize production
workflow to ensure minimal delays and guarantee that customers receive
their orders on time. Human errors that occurs in manual labor,
inaccurate data gathered from the manufacturing and the inability to
track the production stock are some of the factors that cause losses
for manufacturing industries. Hence, an Intelligent Manufacturing
Execution System has been developed to plan production orders, track
the events of production lines and record information that provides
relevant statistics about a production facility. Scheduling algorithms
that are built into the Intelligent Manufacturing Execution System
provide support for serial, parallel and multi-component production
types. These algorithms allows manufacturers to build and customize a
production line according to the production method and the type of
product being produced. Digital sensors that connects to the
information system from around the factory tracks the number of parts
being produced and is verified in the reports that the system
generates. As a result of providing a high level of personalization
that adheres a factory's needs, enhanced production output and reduced
overall downtime can be achieved. Intelligent Manufacturing System
technology grants an affordable solution to business owners and
improves the manufacturing standards for Thailand as the country
advances into the digital age of Industry 4.0.